// Begin Menus
menu_main_multiplayer=Enter World
menu_main_exit=Quit
menu_main_back=Back
menu_main_cancel=Cancel
menu_main_options=Options
menu_main_login=Login
menu_main_logout=Logout

menu_options_fullscreen=Toggle Fullscreen

menu_login_enterInfo=Please enter your username and password
menu_login_submit=Login
menu_login_create=Create Account

menu_game_leave=Leave

server_disconnect=Disconnected from server
server_lost=Could not connect to the server
server_deny=Denied connection to server
server_connecting=Connecting to server, please wait...


// Begin Items
item_coin_copper=Copper Coin
item_coin_silver=Silver Coin
item_coin_gold=Gold Coin

item_ore=Ore

item_pickaxe_copper=Copper Pickaxe
item_pickaxe_bronze=Bronze Pickaxe
item_pickaxe_iron=Iron Pickaxe
item_pickaxe_titanium=Titanium Pickaxe
item_pickaxe_tungsten=Tungsten Pickaxe
item_pickaxe_zinc=Zinc Pickaxe
item_pickaxe_steel=Steel Pickaxe

item_ingot_copper=Copper Ingot
item_ingot_bronze=Bronze Ingot
item_ingot_iron=Iron Ingot
item_ingot_titanium=Titanium Ingot
item_ingot_tungsten=Tungsten Ingot
item_ingot_zinc=Zinc Ingot
item_ingot_steel=Steel Ingot
item_ingot_gold=Gold Ingot

item_potion_speed=Speed Potion
item_potion_health=Health Potion
item_potion_vision=Sight Potion
item_potion_invisibility=Invisibility Potion

item_trap_pit=Pit Trap
item_trap_blind=Smoke Trap
item_trap_slow=Slowness Trap
item_trap_poison=Poison Trap
item_trap_collapse=Collapsing Trap
item_trap_confuse=Confuse Trap
item_trap_reverse=Reverse Trap

item_sword_copper=Copper Sword
item_sword_bronze=Bronze Sword
item_sword_iron=Iron Sword
item_sword_titanium=Titanium Sword
item_sword_tungsten=Tungsten Sword
item_sword_zinc=Zinc Sword
item_sword_steel=Steel Sword

item_bow_wood=Wood Bow
item_bow_polymer=Polymer Bow

item_sling_shot=Slingshot

item_furniture_chair_basic=Basic Chair
item_furniture_table_basic=Basic Table
item_furniture_machine_computer=Computer
item_furniture_machine_purifier=Ore Purifier
item_furniture_machine_transmutator=Transmutation Machine

item_tracer=Tracer